this is beautiful colorado springs at
the foot of Pikes Peak six railroads and
two airlines offer fast mail and express
service the Pikes Peak region famed for
cine grandeur and bright sunshine is a
photogenic paradise located at Colorado
Springs is the Alexander film company
world's largest producer and distributor
of short length screen advertising
employing over 600 people at the home
studio from the administration building
the activities of about 150 field
representatives are supervised in a
mammoth stage building the finest of
short length advertising films are
produced and from the specially designed
service department building over 150,000
feet of film are shipped every day to
many of the 9500 theaters which exhibit
these movie planets for more than 24,000
advertisers sales of many nationally
known products are promoted with
alexander movie programs on a
manufacturer dealer cooperative basis
these films are produced exclusively for
the manufacture and demonstrate his
products throughout the fact that many
manufacturers authorized the Alexander
film company year after year to produce
their movies is proof of continued
satisfaction more and more companies are
coming to Alexander for the finest of
screen advertising seen every day in
thousands of theaters now let's follow
the production of Alexander short length
advertising from start to finish first
advertising writers with motion-picture
experience prepare the scenarios or work
with the advertisers on scenarios
prepared by them after the scenarios
have been approved lected all
preparations are subject to the approval
of the advertisers representative a sign
for vision lights action camera and
production is underway cameraman who
know every trick of the trade work with
experienced directors and technical
supervisors meanwhile the art department
is producing the animations and titles
that help the play littell the
advertisers
story here also is made the dealer's
name trailer that will follow the
playlet on the theater screen the films
from the stage art and sound cameras are
processed and edited in the Alexander
film company's own laboratory here more
than one and one-half million feet of
film a month are developed and printed
using exclusive Alexander processes
coordination of stage art sound and
laboratory results in the finest of
short length advertising playlets and
identifying trailers such as those that
follow if you are one of the homemakers
who find that adding variety to the
daily menu is a problem here's an
inexpensive way to vary your meals
include fresh tasty bakery goods for
breakfast through dinner there are many
palate pleasing delights your family
will agree fresh bakery goods are a
delightful addition to every meal we
believe that only the best is good
enough for our customers every effort is
made with your uniform quality at prices
within your budget give us a trial
colorful potted plants bring outdoor
beauty inside the home flowers always
add a note of cheery brightness to any
setting and the fillet of delicate
blooms denotes the perfect hostess there
is always a wide variety of fresh
flowers to make your home a place of
beauty our selection of fresh flowers is
unequaled for colorful beauty when you
need flowers remember that we are always
anxious to serve you
when the family gets together on a
project like this there's real fun for
everyone and for added pleasure there's
a big supply of crystal clear 7 up in
the refrigerator you see 7 up is the old
family drink so pure so good so
wholesome for everyone the cheerful
partner to happy family life
the right girl deserves the right
engagement ring and art carve diamond
ring and she deserves the right wedding
ring artcarved beloved by brides for
over 100 years our carves worldwide
control of every ring making step
ensures tremendous values in every
guaranteed artcarved diamond ring for
your protection the name artcarved is in
the ring on the tag we strive to merit
your confidence by offering only
merchandize of lasting beauty
reliability and fine quality our service
is unexcelled there's more fun than ever
in your living room when you're the
proud owner of a smart new Motorola
television set Motorola is tops in
engineering and in styling to Motorola
gives you the ultimate in performance
and a glowing pride of ownership smart
Motorola cabinets are packed full of
amazing new exclusive electronic
developments see Motorola your eye tells
why Motorola's are better by come in
soon for a demonstration of the
beautiful brilliant toned motorola
radios let us give you the complete
facts and you'll agree that motorola is
your best buy Colorado's famous Garden
of the Gods one of the most beautiful of
America's tourist spots and here's the
most beautiful way to see America in a
sparkling new Pontiac the most beautiful
thing on wheels powerful smooth
dependable and economical Pontiac is low
in price your own experience will tell
you that dollar for dollar you can't
beat a Pontiac equipment accessories and
trim subject to chip
come in and get the complete facts about
the sensational new Pontiacs a wonderful
car to owned drive or be seen in the
beautiful Pontiacs are priced just above
the very lowest hiya folks I'm from
sylco famous for quality the world over
under and I'm smear we just love
television not to ruin it you mean Oh
Victor get philco balance beam
television peep squeak nobler no smear
just a clear picture clear sharp
perfectly focused over the entire
picture area yes philco balance beam
brings you the finest picture in
television we will be happy to show you
the complete line of new philco radios
come in soon and see for yourself why
philco famous for quality the world over
is your best radio by a well-organized
service department with special
equipment and training personnel
schedules and ships the playlets and
attached trailers so that they reached
the local theaters each week at the
proper time for showing the advertiser
has no screening worries before closing
let us consider some of the outstanding
advantages of motion picture advertising
the illustrations in printed advertising
are motionless silent like this we add
the voice of radio the picture comes to
life in natural color and details are
shown in billboard proportions thus we
combine sound action color and detail
enlargement to produce advertising the
commands the undivided ition of millions
of theatergoers every week as they see a
product in use screen advertising will
sell your product